README updates (#1)
npolshakova/egress-gateway-examples: README.md

}
```

> The `X-Envoy-Peer-Metadata-Id` is the Istio HTTP metadata exchange header. These headers will be used for demo purposes, but Istio can be configured to strip the `x-envoy-metadata` headers for requests to service outside the mesh. You can disable this by configuring the meshConfig when installing Istio with:

Reviewer: I found "this" in "disable this" to be confusing. It read like maybe a double negative to me, so I thought this was clearer?
```suggestion
The `X-Envoy-Peer-Metadata-Id` is the Istio HTTP metadata exchange header. These headers will be used for demo purposes, but Istio can be configured to strip the `x-envoy-metadata` headers for requests to services outside the mesh. You can configure this in the meshConfig by installing Istio with:
```

Author: Yeah that sounds fine!

```
  meshConfig:
    defaultConfig:
      proxyHeaders:
        metadataExchangeHeaders:
          mode: IN_MESH # append istio-meta headers for in-mesh sidecar-to-sidecar requests only
```

You could also use a DestinationRule to configure TLS origination at the sidecar.

> 

Reviewer: I think it makes more sense to move the diagram before this note to above this note, right?
Because it's a diagram of the above sentence and the below note applies to that case too?

Author: I like it right after the metadata example in the response because otherwise it's unclear what it's referring to? Versus `You could also use a DestinationRule to configure TLS origination at the sidecar.` is describing the diagram. But don't feel super strongly.

EOF
```

> 2. Send the HTTP request as usual

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Send the HTTP request as before
```

<img src=passthrough-egress.png>

> This setup is useful when you want to enforce policies and monitor egress traffic while allowing the destination to manage its own TLS. Traffic leaving via the egress gateway will perform SNI passthrough instead of TLS terminatation for requests. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setup is useful when you want to enforce policies and monitor egress traffic while allowing the destination to manage its own TLS. Traffic leaving via the egress gateway will perform SNI passthrough instead of TLS termination for requests. 
```

[2024-06-21T21:22:27.560Z] "- - -" 0 - - - "-" 940 5946 156 - "-" "-" "-" "-" "18.211.234.122:443" outbound|443||httpbin.org 10.244.0.6:50356 10.244.0.6:8443 10.244.0.7:51628 httpbin.org -
```

From the logs we see we are going through the egress gateway to `httpbin.org` on port 443, but not terminated since the log has `"- - -"` instead of the usual response code details (see `"GET /headers HTTP/2" 200` in the previous examples). 

### Switching from mTLS in Mesh to HTTP via the Egress Gateway

<img src="mtls-egress-switch-to-http.png">

It could be that our external service only supports HTTP requests, but we still want the request to be secured with mTLS within our mesh. We can configure the VirtualService such that requests leaving the egress gateway use httpbin.org's HTTP port, but still have mTLS within the mesh.

Note: For this example, if you are continuing from a previous step make sure to delete all the Istio config you have applied. 

1. We will need a VirtualService to handle the routing and a DestinationRule to configure the request to use mTLS within the mesh:

```yaml
kubectl apply -f mtls-egress-switch-to-http.yaml
```

> 2. Send the http request as usual

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Send the http request as before
```
